---
layout: post
title: "Reminder App"
date: 2021-02-14 12:00:00 -0500
---

Use cron job to launch an app at a given time.

Launch your app at a given time with a cron job on Linux. 

 This will be of use to someone who wants to run their app to run at a certain time of the day. For me I wanted a very simple box to pop-up everyday at 9:00 pm that reminded me to stand up and stretch for 15 minutes. I will be using Python3 and Crontab as my tools, but keep in mind there are other ways to accomplish this task. 

The first step is to write the app, The code for my app is posted at the bottom if you would like to test with that(requires Gtk to be installed).

Depending on your linux disto you may need to install crontab.I'm using a version called "cronie". If you already have a version of cron installed great, if not, install "cronie", or check out other options here <a href="https://wiki.gentoo.org/wiki/Cron">cron guide</a>. 




gi.require_version("Gtk", "3.0")

from gi.repository import Gtk

win = Gtk.Window()

win.set_border_width(24)

text = Gtk.Label("Stretch for 15 minutes")

win.set_title("Dude!")

win.add(text)

win.connect("destroy", Gtk.main_quit) 

win.show_all()                       

Gtk.main()  

{% if page.comments %}
<script> /** * RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS. * LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables */ /* var disqus_config = function () { this.page.url = PAGE_URL; // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable this.page.identifier = PAGE_IDENTIFIER; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable }; */ (function() { // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE var d = document, s = d.createElement('script'); s.src = 'https://https-jeremiahvolkmer-github-io.disqus.com/embed.js'; s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date()); (d.head || d.body).appendChild(s); })(); </script> Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. {% endif %} 

